# CSCI1100-Homework-8-Dictionaries-and-Classes-solved

Download Here: [CSCI1100 Homework 8 Dictionaries and Classes solved](https://jarviscodinghub.com/assignment/homework-8-dictionaries-and-classes-solution/)

For Custom/Original Work email jarviscodinghub@gmail.com/whatsapp +1(541)423-7793

Homework Overview
This homework is made up of three parts. Each point is worth 40 points, but the “total” on the homework is only 100 points. Therefore, you can earn up to 20 bonus points toward your homework grade. For those of you intending to move on to Data Structures, Part 3 is quite important because it gives you more practice with classes. The assignment is due Thursday. Please review the rules about excess collaboration from HW 3 to make sure you are turning in a program that is your own. Please check your available late days on the homework submission server before planning your time on this assignment. Even if you have three days remaining, you can only use two on this assignment. As always, good coding style is expected and low quality code will be penalized.
Part 1: Yelp Business Categories (40 points)
This ﬁrst part revisits our Yelp exercise in a diﬀerent way using a JSON formatted ﬁle. JSON was brieﬂy covered in Lecture 13, but you should be able to ﬁgure it out based on the following. To begin, you are given the actual Yelp database from Lab 5 in JSON form in a ﬁle called businesses.json. Each line of the ﬁle is a JSON formatted string corresponding to a business. For example, the following program will read and print some of the information for the business represented on the ﬁrst line of the ﬁle:
import json f = open(‘businesses.json’) line = f.readline() business = json.loads(line) print(business[‘name’]) print(business[‘categories’])
Excuting it will result in the following output1:
Mustang BBQ [u’Food’, u’Specialty Food’, u’Meat Shops’, u’Barbeque’, u’Restaurants’]
The function call json.loads(line) turns the JSON line into a dictionary with a number of entries. You can see all the dictionary entries for this ﬁrst business by adding a for loop to the above code to loop through the keys and print the key and the values. All of the keys are strings, but the values are booleans, integers, ﬂoats, lists and strings! For example, for the key categories, shown in the output above, the value is a list of “Unicode” strings — strings that can handle many diﬀerent language character encodings. This is nothing that you need to worry about here because you can just treat them like regular strings. Write a program that reads a category name (correctly spelled) and a cutoﬀ value (a valid integer). Your program must scan through the businesses — remember there is one business per
1Note that Python may give you the same output without the u: [’Food’, ’Specialty Food’, ’Meat Shops’, ’Barbeque’, ’Restaurants’] This is perfectly valid and will not impact your program.
line — and determine the counts for all categories that co-occur with the given category. It should then print those categories with counts greater than the given cutoﬀ in sorted order. Right align the category names to 30 characters. (Remind yourself what the string function rjust does.) For example, after processing the above business, we will ﬁnd that categories ‘Food’,’Specialty Food’,’Meat Shops’,’Barbeque’ have occurred once. You will update the counts as you ﬁnd more occurrences of a list containing the input category! Here are some possible runs of your program:
Enter a category == Food Food Cutoff for displaying categories = 5 5 Categories co-occurring with Food: Grocery: 5 Ice Cream & Frozen Yogurt: 6 Restaurants: 8
Enter a category == Restaurants Restaurants Cutoff for displaying categories = 4 4 Categories co-occurring with Restaurants: American (Traditional): 4 Breakfast & Brunch: 4 Chinese: 6 Delis: 4 Food: 8 Pizza: 17 Sandwiches: 4 Seafood: 4
Note: interestingly, not all Restaurants are considered Food and more restaurants are considered Pizza than Food! Here is one more example.
Enter a category == Shopping Shopping Cutoff for displaying categories = 2 2 Categories co-occurring with Shopping: Books, Mags, Music and Video: 3 Comic Books: 2 Home & Garden: 2 Jewelry: 2
If the requested category is not found, your program must print Requested category is not found. If there are no categories to print (none co-occurring or none above the cutoﬀ), your program must print None above the cutoff. See example runs below.
Enter a category == restaurants restaurants Cutoff for displaying categories = 4
4 Requested category is not found
Enter a category == Shopping Shopping Cutoff for displaying categories = 5 5 Categories co-occurring with Shopping: None above the cutoff
Part 2: Yelp Business Reviews (40 points)
In this part, we will use two ﬁles. The ﬁrst one is the ﬁle called businesses.json described in Part 1. Note that each business has a ‘business_id’ that uniquely identiﬁes that business. Two businesses may have the same name, corresponding to the diﬀerent stores in diﬀerent locations, but they will still have diﬀerent ‘business_id’ values. For example, in the ﬁle given to you, you have two diﬀerent stores for “Hannaford Supermarkets” with ‘business_id’ values: ‘UZFBK4pU-VcEt1N4IoYCRA’ and ‘LO0TfAyhOYR8fVuido_9aA’. In addition to this, you are given a second ﬁle called reviews.json. This ﬁle contains one review for a business in each line. You are only interested in the review text and the ‘business_id’ for each review. For example, the following program will read and print the review for the ﬁrst line of the ﬁle:
import json f = open(‘reviews.json’) line = f.readline() review = json.loads(line) print(review[‘business_id’]) print() print(review[‘text’])
will result in the following output:
gekPL0Kc7w9zLDT3EulvxQ
Great fish fry. The fish is fresh and comes in a great portion size. Service is good. Having left the area, I really miss this place.
Note that the review will appear on a single line. The line break in this document is just an artifact of the line being too long to ﬁt on the page. Write a program that reads the name of a business using input and ﬁnds the reviews for a single store of the given business. For businesses with only one location, you can just use the single business id to access the reviews ﬁle. For businesses with more than one location, you must give the user the addresses of the various locations and let them select which one to use. Validate the input to make sure that the user choice is in the range of available locations. Once you have a single store, your program must print the reviews for that store in the order they are found in the ﬁle, formatted with four spaces on the left and broken into lines using the textwrap module. Note that to get the required review format, you will need something like the following:
import textwrap wrapper = textwrap.TextWrapper( initial_indent = ‘ ‘*4, subsequent_indent = ‘ ‘*4 ) lines = wrapper.wrap(review_text)
The rest you’ll have to ﬁgure out yourself. Use the default textwidth. Note: textwrap will remove newline characters. In this input data, paragraph breaks are indicated by two consecutive newline characters. Make sure you print one blank line between paragraphs in a review. If the business requested is not found, print a message (see below). If no review is found for the given business, print a message (see below). Example runs are given below.
Enter a business name = Bombers Burrito Bar Bombers Burrito Bar This business is not found
Enter a business name = Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Using Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute at: 110 8th St Ste 2 Troy, NY 12180 No reviews for this business are found
Enter a business name = Country True Value Hardware Country True Value Hardware
Using Country True Value Hardware at: 217 N Greenbush Rd Troy, NY 12180
Review: 1 Best customer service, and they have everything.
Review: 2 This is my one stop shop for most of my basic hardware and home and garden needs because I’m in and out of here in no time. There’s enough parking around the building, which is close to the front door. Country True Value is not the cheapest pricewise, but most items are convenient for me to find. The employees are easy to track down and are very helpful in locating items in the store when I need them.
Earlier this month, I ended up buying my grass seed here instead of at Home Depot because I couldn’t wait around for the Home Depot employee to use the forklift while it was pouring rain outside. Of course, I paid a little more here for the convenience.
Sometimes smaller is better!
Finally, note that the business below has multiple stores. You need to ask for which location to use and then print the reviews for only that location:
Enter a business name = Ted’s Fish Fry Ted’s Fish Fry
Found Ted’s Fish Fry at:
1. 700 Hoosick Rd Troy, NY 12180
2. 636 New Loudon Rd Ste 2 Latham, NY 12110
3. 447 3rd Ave Watervliet, NY 12189
Select one from 1 – 3 == 0 0 Select one from 1 – 3 == 4 4 Select one from 1 – 3 == 2 2
Using Ted’s Fish Fry at: 636 New Loudon Rd Ste 2 Latham, NY 12110
Review: 1 Ted’s Fish Fry now has an official website and a Facebook page! Congrats on almost 60 years in business!
They have some very cool photos on both, hehe :-O
WEBSITE: https://www.tedsfishfry.net
FACEBOOK: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Watervliet-NY/Teds-FishFry/240983270362
Review: 2 3 stars is just about right. The fish frys are very good, although I didn’t like their chili sauce…it was more like relish, but there were a lot of regular customers ordering it so ymmv. Had a fish fry with cocktail sauce and tartar that was very good. The staff here just yell the food back to the kitchen help and they are always getting it screwed up or miscommunicated…comical, maybe that is part of the charm? I also had a hot dog and the sauce is sort of bland…I prefer hot dog sauce with a lot more
flavor and kick. They also had carrot cake and cheesecake available…figured they had to be great…the carrot cake was a little dry. Go eat fish frys, figure out what you like on them and you will be good to go.
Part 3: Capturing a Pokemon (40 points)
We’ve been dealing with pokemon by walking around a grid and searching. In this part, you will implement a simple game revolving around throwing pokeballs at pokemon instead. To simplify the program, the list of all pokemon and all player moves are given in a single ﬁle. You can assume that all input from the ﬁle is valid. Your program must read the name of the ﬁle using input. The ﬁrst line of the ﬁle tells you how many pokemon there are. This is followed by the description of each pokemon, and then all the player moves. Read the pokemon ﬁrst and print out the pokemon you created in the order they were in the ﬁle, then perform all player moves until either there are no more moves (the players are out of pokeballs), or all pokemon are captured. Your program must deﬁne and use a class called Pokemon that stores relevant information about each pokemon. Deﬁne the class in the same ﬁle as the main code to simplify submission. Each pokemon has the following information: Name|x|y|radius|health Each pokemon is a circle with center at x,y and with radius radius. The health deﬁnes how many hits it takes to capture this pokemon. Good news: pokemon don’t move. Even better news: all players take aim at the same set of pokemon for simplicity. A player move is given by: Player Name|x|y which means that a player with the given name has thrown a pokeball at the coordinates (x,y). Balls are thrown by players in the order they are shown in the ﬁle. Pokeballs have an area of eﬀect of radius 5, but they are most eﬀective when they actually hit the pokemon. If the pokeball hits the pokemon (the distance between where the pokeball was thrown to and the pokemon location is less than the radius of the pokemon), the pokemon loses 2 health. If the pokeball doesn’t hit the pokemon, but the pokemon is within the area of eﬀect (the distance between where the pokeball was thrown to and the pokemon location is less than the radius of the pokemon + 5), the pokemon loses one health. Health cannot go below 0. Any pokemon whose health goes to 0 is captured by the player that threw the last pokeball. Each time a player throws a pokeball that aﬀects a pokemon, display a message. If the player misses completely, display a message as well. If a pokemon is caught – display a message. Keep track of which pokemon each player catches. A player cannot hit a captured pokemon. A pokeball can only hit or aﬀect one pokemon in a turn. When printing pokemon names, right justify them 12 characters. Anytime a player captures the last pokemon, or the players run out of pokeballs, the game ends. Print a message indicating the end and print out an alphabetic listing of the players and how many pokemon they caught.
Order of Play
Here is a quick summary of the order of play:
1. Read in the number of pokemon and create a list of each of the pokemon in the ﬁle
2. Print out a summary of the pokemon found. Pokemon names should be right justiﬁed 12 spaces
3. Execute all of the player moves in the ﬁle until there are no more, or until all pokemon are caught
4. Print a message when a pokemon is hit by a pokeball regardless of if it is a direct hit, or if the pokemon is just within the area of eﬀect
5. Print a message if a pokeball completely misses
6. Print a message if a pokemon is captured
7. At the end, print a message, followed by an alphabetic listing of the players and the pokemon they caught. Again pokemon names should be right justiﬁed 12 spaces
We have provided two sample inputs and outputs in the ZIP ﬁle for this homework.
Submission Instructions
Please note that the ﬁles we use on the submission server are likely going to be diﬀerent than the ones we have given you. Please follow these instructions carefully. Part 1. Submit a single ﬁle called hw9 part1.py that assumes the existence of a ﬁle called businesses.json. Your program must read a single category and an integer cutoﬀ value using input and return all the matching categories in sorted order. Part 2. Submit a single ﬁle called hw9 part2.py that assumes the existence of two ﬁles called businesses.json and reviews.json. Your program must read the name of a restaurant using input and if necessary a number selection. It should return all the matching reviews in the order they are found in the ﬁle. Part 3. Submit a single ﬁle called hw9 part3.py that reads the name of a ﬁle using input containing the number of pokemon, the information for each pokemon and then all the player moves. Items on a line are separated by |.
